# LA_AI
**Set Up Instructions**
- git clone https://github.com/yourusername/your-repo-name.git
- cd your-repo-name/Learning_Assistant_FINAL
**Install Dependencies**
- pip install -r requirements.txt
- pip install streamlit
- install docker
Run Application using streamlit
- streamlit run app.py
**Run with docker**
- docker build -t learning-assistant .
- docker run -p 8501:8501 learning-assistant 
- open browser and type localhost:8501
**System Architecture**
- Frontend: Built with Streamlit.
- Backend Logic: interaction.py handles user interaction and chat-like prompts.
                 research.py supports data fetching or summarization (based on research context).
                 report.py manages report creation, updates, and structuring.
                 Pages: Streamlit multipage app with modular design (pages/report_page.py).
**Research Methodology**
- Extraction and summarization of key insights from user prompts.
- Generation of relevant content using predefined logic.
- User feedback is taken.
**Personalised Approach**
- Knowing whether the user has beginner level knowledge or intermediate level or advanced level.
- Asking the user to choose an option to view the data(i.e.; visually, text, summerize, or with examples).
**Report Generation and Modification**
- Report is generated by clicking on generate report button after personalising users information.
- Aking for feedback and questions at the end.
**Limitation**
- It is session based and no real APIs were used.
**Future Improvements**
- Integrating Real time APIs.
- Add login and persistent user sessions.
